Hi girls , how are you?
Today I'll show you the cake.
fake that I made for the birthday of
bim good I've done is this is the third
The plan I make in my life
the first cake was when isabella 6 3
It's not cool, it's cool
the table cake stayed is that I did not
I found the bases the way I did it.
I bought them square squares know
normal the styrofoam plate and then I went
Cutting I medina is the size that I
Wanted is the circle that I wanted to cut.
on top of each other
and that 's what I did, there's the second cake
it was in April it was in April that it was tea
the kitchen chef of my
cousin
I did it for her on the brown and pink theme.
already in May was beautiful and this is the
biel third of what I'm doing and I
I thought it was super cute. I liked it.
I really liked the result .
result was well done is of the three
goals that I did that was what I most
I liked it, I really liked you and you now.
at least in the smallest details
well here 's the top of the cake here at
top the poop as you are selling of
so here the details are only visible
there has the details up here also O
to hide a finish
the iac in the bottom part of the middle
is the giraffe looks bunny girls
cuter than I put it until lashes
in her
the port also has the wire
the iac at the low or toad rate
He is doing number two and I
I put here a real cake duck
I put an ipod color flaw to failure
can take the fault
I like the person, and here I eat him.
with hot glue but he passed it
let the vote or I will speak again're
quite right
I'll leave it to stick closer than just
now it will come back again, it will not stay
quite right because of the straw and
It became a girl, just here to hide.
know how to get pink
I made a finish like this here on the side
It's kind of a draw to remind girls I did
all in verse here from the side
I put it here to hide because a
see leaf can not face the
back all just one at a time just have to
nor give the yellow also I had to
amend
she also does not need blue
blue gave it all here and there
end it is that the house stayed like this
who became feminine of the biel cake and
It was like that, but from afar I liked it
very very very much of this cake
I saw the photo on the internet girls I
I took the photo and I entered my photo.
I put it on my side and went to the year and went
I did not frequent the photo op.
stayed and I thought mine was over
cute the photo photo also
was to divert
from the photo here he was a satin ribbon
and I think the son of satin I do not know
it's kind of weird
I think so much artificial
understood
then I preferred to put it like this and it is also
a little different the the chicken was
different was not so the chicken she
I did not have it here is her conquest
was different
the chicken to another did not have this
Finishing here was all with ribbon.
satin was another chicken what is
Equal from the photo is the giraffe and the frog
only that the frog also had satin ribbon
that I do not have
Scotland - I hope you have
liked my cake and until the next
video bye